hello daughters of whores that all they want is that they eat them today
to do a very good mission that I know what everyone will like the mother
destruction of reggaeton
a homosexual chosen by crocodiles willis oliva moss to kill reggaeton
so we have to disguise to be one indhira in my san diego car and my
fucking clothes
we're in groove spirit we were going to kill all these bastard fucking food
that to 47
shit of go that son of a bitch has a reggaeton gun and not even
I like reggaeton
fifty fifty fifty fifty night night night live
die all
let's go saint's improvement a finger that name shit mecca with daddy
Yankee let's put some rock
last September there was damn music thank god chose the idea
is to follow
Miranda as the city
this morning the exemplary national assembly on the cheek and beat him the
year ld
how nice to get rid of that damn perfect fucking music now let's put another
excess station
he was pricked
fuck that guy if he listens to music
what the fuck
in these damn radio stations nothing else there is pure rénier don
We are already reaching the meeting point of the fucking reggaeton
remember that you have to disguise everything possible
pakistan some fucking fucking reggaeton we're going to socialize
kepa over there already listened to the new song of july volt
ex electronics
Clear
and pass a joint and compare us with your friends
It smelled bad of Calcutta you will not share them
fucking fucking dog speak good bastards of Babylon
we want it
have damn sons of the reputable mother firm whore fucking reluctant
reputed that the super mega damn patches be delivered by their damn
fucking vaginas
to
run all is a fucking fucking demo
damn points now confuse me with a damn modem lose
fence sons of bitches
plate j
I'm calling to tell you that you're in a territory full of hero patches
I already know it
shells of their fucking damn mothers premier of the fucking now the power
San Diego has been formed to kill a single individual that is me
he was son of a bitch
you can all suck me the truth now
olate j
look to help you in something I'll give you rock your favorite the britpop
nothing
very well these are reguetoneros
the father chamaquito we are going to dance a little bit that place where I
bambino that every time he heard his name I got to haiti and nats
Ecuador but I'm going to ride with a voice so you can put some reggaeton
good
not far from whore I'm going to put some rock
there is my god I want to hear that more academic music can not be
as a piece so clear
look damn bitch I'm going to put the sata in your ass and the milco by the zetas
hahahaha see what happens when I get angry xd
have damn spawn of the damn demon that for me the true
demon is the bright
alava adela
a patrol will rediscover shit moves from
shit this shit is totally alone
fuck
be careful silly that now is that good comes
die fucking fucking reggaeton fucking or doing bochenko to dallara
Mier of the damned reggaeton made me foresee a lot of mass of my brain
good ladybugs the battle still continues but I'll leave it for later
I'm going to give the damn straw teletubi gave a few